Title:Python Getting Started
Bold: Python Install 
Text: Many PCs and Macs will have python already installed.
Text: To check if you have python installed on a Windows PC, search in the start bar for Python or run the following on the Command Line (cmd.exe):
Code: C:\Users\Your Name>python --version
Text: To check if you have python installed on a Linux or Mac, then on linux open the command line or on Mac open the Terminal and type:
Code: python --version
Text: If you find that you do not have Python installed on your computer, then you can download it for free from the following website: https://www.python.org/
Bold: Python Quickstart
Text: Python is an interpreted programming language, this means that as a developer you write Python (.py) files in a text editor and then put those files into the python interpreter to be executed.
Text: The way to run a python file is like this on the command line:
Code: C:\Users\Your Name>python helloworld.py
Text: Where "helloworld.py" is the name of your python file.
Text: Let's write our first Python file, called helloworld.py, which can be done in any text editor.
Code: print("Hello, World!")
Code: >>> Hello, World!
Bold: Python Variables
Text: In Python, variables are created when you assign a value to it:
Text: Example
Text: Variables in Pyton: 
Code: x = 5
Code: y = "Hello, World!"
Text: Python has no command for declaring a variable.
Text: You will learn more about	variables in the Python Variables chapter.
Bold: Comments 
Text: Comments can be used to explain Python code.
Text: Comments can be used to make the code more readable.
Text: Comments can be used to prevent execution when testing code.
Bold: Creating a Comment
Text: Comments starts with a -> # , and Python will ignore them: 
Text: Example
Code: #This is comment.
Code: print("Hello, World!")
Text: Comments can be placed at the end of a line, and Python will ignore the rest of the line:
Text: Example
Code: print("Hello, World!") #This is a comment
Bold: Multiline Comments
Text: Python does not really have a syntax for multiline comments.
Text: To add a multiline comment you could insert a # for each line:
Text: Example
Code: #This is a comment
Code: #written in
Code: #more than just one line
Code: print("Hello, World!")
Text: Or, not quite as intended, you can use a multiline string.
Text: Since Python will ignore string literals that are not assigned to a variable, you can add a multiline string (triple quotes) in your code, and place your comment inside it:
Text: Example
Code: """
Code: This is a comment
Code: written in
Code: more than just one line
Code: """
Code: print("Hello, World!")